If you had told me two years ago that I’d
be moving to where the need was greater,
I would have laughed.
It all started when they announced
a special preaching campaign.
My friend Samuel
encouraged me to apply with him.
So, what do you think?
Uh, yeah,
no, but you enjoy that.
I know you’re going to love it.
That’s why I got you a form as well,
all right?
We can do this!
OK.
I knew I could do more,
but I was comfortable.
I like doing things on my own terms.
But really, I was afraid of the unknown.
I needed to examine my heart.
When I read about Abraham’s faith
at Hebrews 11:8,
it’s like the words jumped off the page.
“He went out although
not knowing where he was going.”
Who better to be in control
of my life than Jehovah?
A door was opened to me.
I just needed to go through it.
And what I experienced changed my life.
Let’s do it, man.
The results of the campaign were incredible!
And the experience pushed me
out of my comfort zone.
All right, Gabriel is going to try some food.
Try, try, try!
Go on, go on, give it a try, Gabriel!
It’s good, yeah—really good!
I saw the ministry in a new way,
and I wanted to do more.
So I calculated the cost
and worked with my
local elders to write to the branch office.
When I heard back with some suggestions,
I prayed about it
and did research before choosing.
There were many unknowns,
but I couldn’t wait!
It was hard to say goodbye to my friends,
but I was ready for whatever
Jehovah had in store for me.